---
title: 11. The Minds of Man.
description: 
date: 2026/02/14
draft: false
tags:
  - writing
---

Most minds were unable to withstand their intoxicating influence. As a child, Aldus was no exception. 

But, you see, the minds of children are special. Oh adults do like to laud themselves, believing their brimming brains the best - Awarding and rewarding what they have come to call "genius". Silly business, really. Adult thoughts can be so.. reasonable, rational, and above all, predictable. Some kids have fooled the adults into thinking that the aged body they see contains an aged mind as well. We like these folk. They continue to play, to imagine, to break and unbreak their psyche each day -- To make sense of the senseless. 

As we enter this earth, there is no sense, no common threads. Sense is formed from repetition - Action, consequence - Cause, effect. For most, this weaves a tight pattern through which nothing outside of its framework may pass. That's why humans constructed miracles. The concepts that shan't transgress get praised as being divinely sparked. Kids know better. 

Ask a child with no concept of miracles to explain an impossible problem and they will open their mind to possibilities that an adult would never consider. Go try it. Right now. Arrogance and the generational rigidity placed upon them will compel these so-called educators to tell the child how ridiculous this is. The door begins to close. A new best friend named Shame whispers into tiny ears that saying such things will produce judgement, unlove.

Aldus's mother, Fenna, was no such tyrant. She was a seer of truth.