---
title: 9. Rendezvous.
description: 
date: 2026/02/11
draft: false
tags:
  - writing
---

She knew that something about this affair was wrong, but in the absence of sane voices, her body demanded the indulgence. Her alarm seemed to be getting tired itself. Maybe it would want to join her in this enveloping comfort. 

The days felt shorter now. She didn't mind. According to the calendar, they *were* shorter, but the feeling surpassed any astrological rationale. It was as if there was no point to being amongst the waking. Boring, monotonous ants. Just doing busywork in a vain attempt to tell themselves their lives had purpose.

Why.. How had she once believed so completely in these repetitive, pointless, unholy rituals? Scales had been removed from her eyes by force. She had resisted at first, but upon seeing the truth, had no option but to worship at the feet of her deliverer. He didn't want her praise, he didn't concern himself with such things. He didn't even ask anything of her in repayment. She would repay him, though - She would find a way. No gift this important can go without proper appreciation. 

She got out of bed, went to the bathroom and brushed her hair. The water was sometimes a necessity, but she found herself able to function with less and less. The pain of the peel - stripping away the peace of the night before - had become more excruciating by the day. Each time she confronted the fluid, it took longer to become tame - To not revolt against contact with her form. Most days now, it was a battle she did not feel the need to fight. Never on her behalf, sometimes on his.

She wanted to look and smell appealing to him, of course. She hadn't taken a lover in years, but he made her want more and more and more of him. Through her, around her. Inhaling him, begging for and accepting his being however she could get it. Her breathing quickened, abs tightening, her jaw clenched with pleasure. The muscles of her back spasmed - She arched unknowingly in response, her hand slowing to match his ethereal rhythm. The fluid dripping down her fingers was warm and sensually viscous. She retrieved them and traced the lines of her lips. They glistened, the underlying pink turning a delicate shade of claret in the late morning light. Maybe he would kiss them now. To taste all of her as she yearned to taste all of him.
