---
title: 8. The Day After.
description: 
date: 2026/02/10
draft: false
tags:
  - writing
---

Katri had never slept better. Her alarm blared, but the feeling of rest was so refreshing and new that she let it scream for another few moments as she writhed and stretched in her double bed. It was at that moment that she noticed the sweat that had soaked into the white cotton sheets. That was new. A subtle smell of bleach was brought on by the heat and moisture of her body. She must have been so tired that she stayed completely still overnight.

As she reached over to silence the alarm, the sway of the bed overwhelmed her. She was able to hit the long rectangular button, but a grainy, perpendicular gravity pulled her back for one last flop. A guilty pleasure rose and was shut down in quick succession. 

Chemical burns overtook her as the water reached her skin, boiling it away with an sinister and unapologetic sizzle. A scream ripped forth her lips as she flung herself out of the shower, grasping for anything to keep her upright. In the attempt to find purchase, her hands failed to break her fall. The water, which smelled like water and tasted like blood continued to rain down into the empty basin. She lay dazed and naked on the tile floor, trying to understand what just happened. The burning had stopped, but she was coming to feel exactly where the bruises were forming. She let her head fall back and thud harmlessly on the mess of hair beneath her. As she stood, slowly and gingerly placing her digits for maximum grip, the mirror above the yellowed porcelain sink showed her the aftermath. Blood coated the inside of her mouth. She unceremoniously spit into the sink, turning the cold tap on to wash the tinny red liquid away.

Steam was beginning to fill the room and obscure the mirror. As her morning wits came about her, the moisture in the air didn't seem to scorch her as the direct water had. Maybe something had been sitting in the lines overnight, waiting to be expelled upon the unsuspecting residents. She'd have to talk to Vik about getting it tested. 

As she leaned on the sink, on leg kicked out behind her, the saliva failed to run clear. She stuck out her tongue and noticed a small flap of the muscle hanging off the right side. She tested the tap water with the tip of her index finger and noticed no adverse effects. She then reached past the open curtain and felt the water from the head. Whatever toxins had been thrown onto her skin seemed to have been rinsed away. Katri held her breath as she stepped cautiously in to cleanse her hair and skin of whatever caustics it may still be holding. 

As the warm, soothing water cascaded down her shoulders, she heard her American father's voice in her head and chuckled to herself. No, she didn't need to sue anyone over the mishap, but her desire to help protect her fellow tenants might not let her move on just yet.